Runtime Documentation (#1282)
paritytech/cumulus: parachains/README.md

# Parachains

This directory is the home of Parity-developed parachain runtimes. This directory is _runtime

> focused,_ and does not include builds of parachain _nodes._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
focused_, and does not include builds of parachain _nodes._
```

Author: Is it a normal pattern to put punctuation outside of formatting markup? I really don't know, just always put punctuation in the same rendering as whatever it's adjacent to since some sites shift things left/right and characters can appear to overlap when adjacent characters have different formatting.

Reviewer 2: I'd have the punctuation outside of the markup where possible. _, seems better to me.

Reviewer: I would not adjust to some sites having suboptimal renderings for punctuation and moving punctuation into formatting scopes. But I don't have a strong opinion, just stroke me as a bit of an oddity.

The general internal structure is:

- `chain-specs`: Chain specs for the runtimes contained in its sibling dir `runtimes`.
- `common`: Common configurations, `impl`s, etc. used by several parachain runtimes.
- `pallets`: FRAME pallets that are specific to parachains.
- `runtimes`: The entry point for parachain runtimes.

## Common Good Parachains

> This directory includes many, but is not limited to,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `runtimes` directory includes many, but is not limited to,
```
